Welcome to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast.
Our mission is to develop fully devoted followers of Christ.
Welcome back to the podcast. on today's episode, we are concluding our journey through the book of Psalms with Pastor Matt, reading Psalm One fifty.
Hello canopy roads welcome to day 166 in the psalms project
we have made it all the way from psalms one to psalms one fifty. i'll tell you i have looked forward every morning to getting the notice on my app.
that it's ready it's time for a Psalms project video and I have enjoyed all of your videos thank you all of you who participated in reading a Psalm and
and recording it. I know for some of you that was terrifying.
But you did it.
so thank you for being a part of this amazing project this journey through the psalms i hope that it has blessed you as it's blessed me
Just spending time in the psalms, so much time in the psalms has been a wonderful encouragement to me. And as I have preached through the Psalms, I have learned a whole lot
whole lot that I didn't know about the Psalms. I hope that you have too, as you have read on your own and participated in the worship services as well. So we finally made it.
We made it to Psalm 150 and how appropriate that this Psalm is about praise. Praise.
in fact in six verses
We are commanded 13 times to praise God.
Psalm 150, 1-6.
Praise the Lord.
Praise God in His sanctuary.
Praise Him in His mighty heavens.
Praise Him for His mighty deeds.
Praise Him according to His excellent greatness.
Praise Him with trumpet sound. Praise Him with lute and harp.
Praise him with tambourine and dance.
Praise Him with strings and pipe.
Praise Him with sounding cymbals.
Praise him with loud clashing cymbals.
Let everything that has breath
Praise the Lord.
Praise the Lord. That last verse is for us.
Everything that has breath
should praise God.
He says, praise God in his sanctuary, and today I'm in our worship center.
Which by the way is a paid off
worship center.
You found out on Christmas Eve
that we paid off all of our debt so we praise God for his faithfulness to us
over the last three years to be able to pay off this debt. So we praise God in this sanctuary for his mighty acts.
It also says, "Praise God in His mighty heavens." That means, "Praise God outside."
Some of my best praise times are outside.
So I don't know where you're most inspired by God's greatness.
But I'd encourage you today to find that place.
Maybe it's your sanctuary.
Maybe it's your lazy boy. Maybe it's your porch chair.
uh maybe it's the outside taking a walk
Find a time today to praise God. It says, "Praise God for His mighty deeds."
There's no shortage of that.
And praise God for his excellent greatness. Praise God for his almighty power.
His ever presence in your life
Praise God for His unlimited knowledge and wisdom.
Praise God for His blameless character.
Praise God for his love that is steadfast and pure. The word steadfast love appears again and again throughout the Psalms.
He always loves you. Praise God for His mercy.
Praise God for His righteousness.
Praise God that He's eternal. Praise God that He's changeless.
You'll never wake up and find God to be different one day than he was the next.
Isn't that amazing?
The all-loving, all-powerful God loves you.
So we should praise him.
I hope that you will spend your day or start your day and maybe spend your day
Praising God.
Praising God does such a wonderful thing for all of us.
It puts life
In all of its problems, the pandemic,
Pains that we might have, challenges that we have.
Losses that we've had this year.
it puts all that in perspective.
It reminds us that He's God.
so we don't have to be.
He's God and I'm not.
That's a great way to begin the day.
God bless you.
Have a great day.
living for and praising God.
We hope this message was encouraging to you. If you would like this kind of content delivered directly to you, consider subscribing to our channel.
If you'd like more information about our church, please visit us on the web at canopyroads.org. And thanks for listening to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast.